Welcome to work.
Book 1.3.
Your first task was to open up the starter workbook.
So what you would have had to do is go to your spring boots, boot camp resources, go to the intro
to Spring Boot Section.
Whether using Intel JVs code doesn't matter, go to Workbook 1.3 starter and open up the starter workbook
as I already did.
And here it tells us about the MAVEN Package Command, which compiles your code into target, and then
it's going to package all of the compiled code inside of a jar file.
The name of your jar file is determined by what you specify inside of your palm XML.
So here the name of our Jar file is going to be workbook followed by the version number dot Jar Snapshot
refers to something that you're packaging, but it's still under development.
For our purposes, we're going to assume that our workbook application is stable, it's done, and it's
ready to be released.
So we'll remove Snapshot and we'll just say This is version 0.0.0.1 of our app.
We'll spin up a new terminal and we will package our application into a jar.
Package compiles all of our classes, and then it's going to package all of the compiled code into a
jar.
Here we can see our Jar File workbook followed by the version that we specified inside of POM that XML.
This char file contains all of our application's code and now our application is portable.
So what I can actually do is reveal in Finder if you're using a windows, I believe it's called reveal
in file explorer.
Anyways, what I'm going to do is grab this jar file and place it inside of my desktop.
Next task is to actually run the jar file.
So I'm using a mac.
I'll launch a new terminal.
If you're using Windows, select the command prompt, I will open up a new terminal.
Now the terminal by default, it's going to point to your route directory.
If for some reason it isn't, enter the command CD which stands for a change directory.
If you don't follow it up with anything, it's going to go to your route directory.
And what's followed by the route directory is your desktop.
So now I can say CD desktop.
Our terminal now points to the desktop directory where I can run my jar file here.
I can say Java Jar and I'm going to run the workbook jar.
All right.
And this jar contained our code.
We can see that it contained an embedded HTTP server that is now running on port in 1990.
So I can go back here, make a request on port to 1990, and the embedded HTTP server that's listening
on that port is going to return a response.
Beautiful.
All right.
I think that's about it.
Now, if you're using Windows and it says desktop directory not found as you run this command, then
chances are that your command prompt wasn't pointing to your C drive to begin with.
So you're going to have to specify the whole path by saying CD, start from C, drive your home directory,
slash your whatever your username is, which you can autocomplete using tab slash desktop.
If you try that, then make sure that your command prompt is pointing to desktop before you run the
ensuing Java Dash Jar command.
All right.
I hope you enjoyed the solution.
I'll see you in the next workbook.